Refine slow log description (#18366) (#18648)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `300`
- Range: `[-1, 9223372036854775807]`
- Unit: Milliseconds

> - This variable outputs the threshold value of the time consumed by the slow log, and is set to 300 milliseconds by default. When the time consumed by a query is larger than this value, this query is considered as a slow query and its log is output to the slow query log. Note that when the output level of [`log.level`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-configuration-file#level) is `"debug"`, all queries are recorded in the slow query log, regardless of the setting of this variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable outputs the threshold value of the time consumed by the slow log, and is set to 300 milliseconds by default. When the time consumed by a query is larger than this value, this query is considered as a slow query and its log is output to the slow query log. Note that when the output level of [`log.level`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.3/tidb-configuration-file#level) is `"debug"`, all queries are recorded in the slow query log, regardless of the setting of this variable.
```
